All right, so let's go back now
to our footer, so in the footer,
let's take a look, we have a big space
between the end of our last review and
the start of our footer, and
it's in uppercase, right?
Let's take a look at our current code pen.
That is a much smaller space and
it's not an uppercase.
So what suggestions do I have for
styling the footer?
>> There is an uppercase text property,
but I can't remember what it is.
>> Okay, great.
So footer, right?
We need to make it uppercase and
if we google for
that we would find text-transform
is the one we want uppercase.
Especially if I spell it right, transform.
There we go.
Okay, X transform.
What else?
>> Could put a big top margin on footer.
>> We can put a big top
margin on the footer, right?
So let's do that.
And I think I said margin-top 5rem.
There we go.
We got a big space.
Congratulations, we've built the mobile
version of our first website.
Yay, [APPLAUSE] What
questions do we have on this?
The mobile version of the Easy website,
we are done.
>> Is It common convention to
organize your globals in the top, and
then I guess your HTML selectors and
then your class names?
Yes, yes, and the reason you do that
has to do with the cascade part of CSS.
So you put those global selectors
on the top before anything else.
You put in all your HTML elements
that have low specificity and
are easily overridden, and
then you can get into your more specific
styles later in the style sheet.
Yep, absolutely.